you are in danger,
I'll tell you the truth,
Your forces are now dispersed, and I,
But I can read the scriptures directly,
If I don't say it in a month, I will be able to achieve military success.
By the time your rescue comes, it will be too late,
You know, this is Empress Huang of the Shang Kingdom.
I am so civilized that it would be better to meet in person,
But she is a beauty. At this age, she can't compete with you.
That’s what I said about the daughter of my dear country,
Coach, yes, Zuzu,
Are you really not afraid of Zu?
You, I am, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you ,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,you,
There is an emperor who died in battle
No secret thoughts about waiting for the emperor
That means there's no point in talking about it
go home
This child is disobedient and will get sick
It'll be fine if you hit it
As long as you give this time to mobilize the army, you will be afraid of him this time
What’s the high line for Brother Wang?
What are the conditions for respecting the country?
And the banbu that hurts the country is as good as my respect for the country
The royal family that hurts the country must be moved to our country.
I, Jingguo, can give you a position
You watch the sky above the shadow of a piece of earth
Let me really think about it
Take these few days seriously
days, months, months
What's your name?
Then how many days do you need, half a month and half a month?
Although not all troops can be mobilized
Mobilize 100,000 people
Withdraw one person
Ten thousand people can resist it
If you pounce first, you will be defeated.
Arrange your time to rest immediately
I think this location is good. Come on down.